if you look at the 10 hottest years ever
measured they've all occurred in the
last 14 years and the hottest of all was
2005 scientific consensus is that we are
causing global warming I am Al Gore I
used to be the next president of the
United States
this is Patagonia 75 years ago and the
same glacier today this is Mount
Kilimanjaro 30 years ago and last year
within the decade there will be no more
snows of Kilimanjaro this is really not
a political issue so much as a moral
issue temperature increases are taking
place all over the world and that's
causing stronger storms
early this morning Hurricane Katrina
slammed into New Orleans is it possible
that we should prepare against other
threats besides terrorists from
paramount classics comes a film that is
shocked audiences everywhere they've
seen it the Arctic is experiencing
bastard Melvin if this were to go sea
level worldwide would go up 20 feet this
is what would happen in Florida around
Shanghai home to 40 million people
the area around Calcutta 60 million
here's Manhattan the World Trade Center
Memorial with the underwater think of
the impact of a couple hundred thousand
refugees and then imagine a hundred
we have to act together to solve this
global crisis
[Music]
our ability to live is what is at stake
you
[Music]